docs: Add Sign in with Uno page (#18741)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/get-started-licensing.md

---
uid: Uno.GetStarted.Licensing
---

# Sign in with Uno Platform

> Sign in with your Uno Platform account directly in your favorite IDE—Visual Studio, VS Code, or Rider, to unlock powerful tools like Hot Reload, helping you speed up development. With a single registration, you also get early access to new features and the opportunity to connect with the Uno Platform community to share feedback and network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sign in with your Uno Platform account directly in your favorite IDE (Visual Studio, VS Code, or Rider), to unlock powerful tools like Hot Reload, helping you speed up development. With a single registration, you also get early access to new features and the opportunity to connect with the Uno Platform community to share feedback and network.
```

Author: Thank you! 👍

1. Create a new Uno Platform project by following the [Creating an app with Visual Studio 2022](xref:Uno.GettingStarted.CreateAnApp.VS2022) documentation or open an existing one with Uno.Sdk version 5.5 or higher.

   For existing applications you should take this opportunity to update to the [latest `Uno.Sdk` version](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Uno.Sdk).

1. After your project has finished loading, a notification should appear. Click on **Sign in / Register** button.

   ![Visual Studio 2022 notification](Assets/uno-settings-notification.png)

   > [!TIP]
   > Ensure that the lower left IDE icon shows a check mark and says "Ready" ![A checkmark with a text saying ready](getting-started/wizard/assets/vs2022-ready-statusbar.png). This ensures that the projects have been created, and their dependencies have been restored completely.
   >
   > [!NOTE]
   > If the notification doesn’t appear, access the Settings app by clicking on **Extensions** > **Uno Platform** > **Settings...**.
   >
   > ![Visual Studio 2022 Menu](Assets/uno-settings-vs.png)

> ### [**Visual Studio Code**](#tab/vscode)
> 
> If you’ve already set up **Visual Studio Code** by following the [Get Started on VS Code](xref:Uno.GetStarted.vscode) documentation, sign in as follows:
> 
> 1. Create a new Uno Platform project by following the [Creating an app with VS Code](xref:Uno.GettingStarted.CreateAnApp.VSCode) documentation or open an existing one with Uno.Sdk version 5.5 or higher.
> 
>    For existing applications you should take this opportunity to update to the [latest `Uno.Sdk` version](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Uno.Sdk).
> 
> 1. After your project has finished loading, a notification should appear. Click on **Sign in / Register** button.
> 
>    ![Visual Studio Code notification](Assets/uno-settings-vsc-notification.png)
> 
>    > [!NOTE]
>    > If the notification doesn’t appear, access the Settings app by selecting **View** > **Command Palette...** and typing `Uno Platform: Open Settings`.
>    >
>    > ![Visual Studio Code Menu](Assets/uno-settings-vsc.png)
> 
> ### [**JetBrains Rider**](#tab/rider)
> 
> If you’ve already set up **JetBrains Rider** by following the [Get Started on JetBrains Rider](xref:Uno.GetStarted.Rider) documentation, sign in as follows:
> 
> 1. Create a new Uno Platform project by following the [Create an app with JetBrains Rider](xref:Uno.GettingStarted.CreateAnApp.Rider) documentation or open an existing one with Uno.Sdk version 5.5 or higher.
> 
>    For existing applications you should take this opportunity to update to the [latest `Uno.Sdk` version](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Uno.Sdk).
> 
> 1. After your project has finished loading, a notification should appear. Click on **Sign in / Register** button.
> 
>    ![JetBrains Rider notification](Assets/uno-settings-rider-notification.png)
> 
>    > [!NOTE]
>    > If the notification doesn’t appear, access the Settings app by selecting **Tools** > **Uno Platform** > **Settings...**.
>    >
>    > ![JetBrains Rider Menu](Assets/uno-settings-rider.png)
> 
> ---
> 
> ### Uno Platform Settings window
> 
> 1. In the Uno Platform Settings window, click on **Sign in**. You’ll be redirected to your browser to enter your Uno Platform account credentials.
> 
>    ![Uno Platform Settings Welcome](Assets/uno-settings-welcome.png)
> 
> 1. Once signed in, you’ll see a confirmation of your account along with your license details.
> 
>    You can then use the **Hot Reload** feature to speed up your workflow and test changes in real time. For more information, refer to the [Hot Reload documentation](xref:Uno.Features.HotReload).
> 
>    ![Uno Platform Settings signed in](Assets/uno-settings-main.png)
> 
>    > [!TIP]
>    > You can also access a menu where you can select **My Account** to view your account details, **Refresh** the account changes and **Sign out**.
>    >
>    > ![Uno Platform Settings Menu](Assets/uno-settings-menu.png)
> 
> 1. After you are done, feel free to close the Uno Platform Settings window. You can always access it again from your IDE menu by following the steps above.
> 
> ## Questions
> 
> For general questions about Uno Platform, refer to the [general FAQ](xref:Uno.Development.FAQ) or see the [troubleshooting section](xref:Uno.UI.CommonIssues) for common issues and solutions.
> 
> If you encounter any issues or need further assistance, join our [Discord server](https://platform.uno/discord), connect with us via [GitHub](https://github.com/unoplatform/uno/discussions), or reach out on our [contact page](https://platform.uno/contact).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sign in with your Uno Platform account directly in your favorite IDE—Visual Studio, VS Code, or Rider, to unlock powerful tools like Hot Reload, helping you speed up development. With a single registration, you also get early access to new features and the opportunity to connect with the Uno Platform community to share feedback and network.

## Create your account

1. Go to our website, [platform.uno](https://platform.uno/), and click on the **Sign in** button in the top right corner, or go directly to [platform.uno/my-account](https://platform.uno/my-account).
1. Enter your email address and click on **Register**.
1. On the registration page, fill in your information. Once done, click on **Sign up**.
1. You will receive a confirmation email from `no-reply@platform.uno`. Follow the instructions in the email to activate your account.
1. You should then see the sign-in page. Enter your email and password and click on **Sign in** to access your account details, where you can update information or add more details.

## Sign in to your IDE of choice

After creating your Uno Platform account, follow the steps below to sign in to your preferred IDE:

**I am developing on...**

### [**Visual Studio 2022**](#tab/vs2022)

If you’ve already set up **Visual Studio 2022** by following the [Get Started on Visual Studio 2022](xref:Uno.GetStarted.vs2022) documentation, sign in as follows:

1. Create a new Uno Platform project by following the [Creating an app with Visual Studio 2022](xref:Uno.GettingStarted.CreateAnApp.VS2022) documentation or open an existing one with Uno.Sdk version 5.5 or higher.

   For existing applications, you should take this opportunity to update to the [latest `Uno.Sdk` version](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Uno.Sdk).

1. After your project has finished loading, a notification should appear. Click on the **Sign in / Register** button.

   ![Visual Studio 2022 notification](Assets/uno-settings-notification.png)

   > [!TIP]
   > Ensure that the lower left IDE icon shows a check mark and says "Ready" ![A checkmark with a text saying ready](getting-started/wizard/assets/vs2022-ready-statusbar.png). This ensures that the projects have been created, and their dependencies have been restored completely.
   >
   > [!NOTE]
   > If the notification doesn’t appear, access the Settings app by clicking on **Extensions** > **Uno Platform** > **Settings...**.
   >
   > ![Visual Studio 2022 Menu](Assets/uno-settings-vs.png)

### [**Visual Studio Code**](#tab/vscode)

If you’ve already set up **Visual Studio Code** by following the [Get Started on VS Code](xref:Uno.GetStarted.vscode) documentation, sign in as follows:

1. Create a new Uno Platform project by following the [Creating an app with VS Code](xref:Uno.GettingStarted.CreateAnApp.VSCode) documentation or open an existing one with Uno.Sdk version 5.5 or higher.

   For existing applications, you should take this opportunity to update to the [latest `Uno.Sdk` version](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Uno.Sdk).

1. After your project has finished loading, a notification should appear. Click on the **Sign in / Register** button.

   ![Visual Studio Code notification](Assets/uno-settings-vsc-notification.png)

   > [!NOTE]
   > If the notification doesn’t appear, access the Settings app by selecting **View** > **Command Palette...** and typing `Uno Platform: Open Settings`.
   >
   > ![Visual Studio Code Menu](Assets/uno-settings-vsc.png)

### [**JetBrains Rider**](#tab/rider)

If you’ve already set up **JetBrains Rider** by following the [Get Started on JetBrains Rider](xref:Uno.GetStarted.Rider) documentation, sign in as follows:

1. Create a new Uno Platform project by following the [Create an app with JetBrains Rider](xref:Uno.GettingStarted.CreateAnApp.Rider) documentation or open an existing one with Uno.Sdk version 5.5 or higher.

   For existing applications, you should take this opportunity to update to the [latest `Uno.Sdk` version](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Uno.Sdk).

1. After your project has finished loading, a notification should appear. Click on the **Sign in / Register** button.

   ![JetBrains Rider notification](Assets/uno-settings-rider-notification.png)

   > [!NOTE]
   > If the notification doesn’t appear, access the Settings app by selecting **Tools** > **Uno Platform** > **Settings...**.
   >
   > ![JetBrains Rider Menu](Assets/uno-settings-rider.png)

---

### Uno Platform Settings window

1. In the Uno Platform Settings window, click on **Sign in**. You’ll be redirected to your browser to enter your Uno Platform account credentials.

   ![Uno Platform Settings Welcome](Assets/uno-settings-welcome.png)

1. Once signed in, you’ll see a confirmation of your account along with your license details.

   You can then use the **Hot Reload** feature to speed up your workflow and test changes in real-time. For more information, refer to the [Hot Reload documentation](xref:Uno.Features.HotReload).

   ![Uno Platform Settings signed in](Assets/uno-settings-main.png)

   > [!TIP]
   > You can also access a menu where you can select **My Account** to view your account details, **Refresh** the account changes, and **Sign out**.
   >
   > ![Uno Platform Settings Menu](Assets/uno-settings-menu.png)

1. After you are done, feel free to close the Uno Platform Settings window. You can always access it again from your IDE menu by following the steps above.

## Questions

For general questions about Uno Platform, refer to the [general FAQ](xref:Uno.Development.FAQ) or see the [troubleshooting section](xref:Uno.UI.CommonIssues) for common issues and solutions.

If you encounter any issues or need further assistance, join our [Discord server](https://platform.uno/discord), connect with us via [GitHub](https://github.com/unoplatform/uno/discussions), or reach out on our [contact page](https://platform.uno/contact).
```

---
uid: Uno.GetStarted.Licensing
---

> # Sign in with Uno Platform

Reviewer 2: @sasakrsmanovic, @jeromelaban I think we could use this as well in the TOC as a header in the troubleshoot section of our doc.

And again should we refer to this troubleshoot doc somewhere in the "Create an app" section of our doc ?

Reviewer 2: @morning4coffe-dev let's use "Sign in with Uno Platform" in the TOC for now in the troubleshoot section

> Sign in with your Uno Platform account directly in your favorite IDE—Visual Studio, VS Code, or Rider—to unlock powerful tools like Hot Reload, helping you speed up development. With a single registration, you also get early access to new features and the opportunity to connect with the Uno community to share feedback and network.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sign in with your Uno Platform account directly in your favorite IDE —Visual Studio, VS Code, or Rider— to unlock powerful tools like Hot Reload, helping you speed up development. With a single registration, you also get early access to new features and the opportunity to connect with the Uno community to share feedback and network.
```
@jeromelaban, @sasakrsmanovic, @kazo0 should we mention "powerful tools such as the Hot Reload indicator" instead here?

Reviewer 2: Also not sure about this sentence @sasakrsmanovic:
"you also get early access to new features and the opportunity to connect with the Uno community to share feedback and network."

Reviewer 3: It is just missing Platform in Uno. Other than that I don't see an issue

## Create your account

1. Go to our website, [platform.uno](https://platform.uno/), and click on the **Sign in** button in the top right corner, or go directly to [platform.uno/my-account](https://platform.uno/my-account).
2. Enter your email address and click on **Register**.

> 3. On the registration page, fill in your information, including your email, name, country, and password. Once done, click on **Sign up**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. On the registration page, fill in your information. Once done, click on **Sign up**.
```
Maybe best to not go to much into details of the form in case the fields of the form change with time no?

> 4. You will receive a confirmation email from **no-reply@platform.uno**. Click on the **Confirm Email** button in the content of the email to activate your account.

Reviewer 4: Perhaps we could make this more generic by saying, 'Follow the instructions in the email to activate your account,' as the email content could change, even if we don’t currently intend to update it.

> 4. You will receive a confirmation email from **no-reply@platform.uno**. Click on **Confirm Email** to activate your account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. You will receive a confirmation email from **no-reply@platform.uno**. Click on the **Confirm Email** button in the content of the email to activate your account.
```

> 5. You should then see the Sign in page. Enter your email and password and click on **Sign in** to access your account details, where you can update information or add more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. You should then see the sign-in page. Enter your email and password and click on **Sign in** to access your account details, where you can update information or add more details.
```

## Sign in to your IDE of choice

After creating your Uno Platform account, follow the steps below to sign in to your preferred IDE:

**I am developing on...**

### [**Visual Studio 2022**](#tab/vs2022)

> If you’ve already set up **Visual Studio 2022** by following [Get Started on Visual Studio 2022](xref:Uno.GettingStarted.CreateAnApp.VS2022), you can sign in with your Uno Platform account as follows:

Reviewer 2: we should be consistent for the 3 IDEs for the end of this sentence, this one is different than the other two

1. Create a new Uno Platform project or open an existing one with `Uno.Sdk` version 5.5 or higher.

> 2. After opening your project, a popup should appear. Click **Sign In / Register**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. After opening and loading completely your project, a popup should appear. Click **Sign In / Register**.
```

   ![Visual Studio 2022 Popup](Assets/uno-settings-popup.png)
   >![NOTE]
   > If the popup doesn’t appear, access Uno Platform settings by clicking on **View** > **Other Windows** > **Uno Platform Settings**.
   > ![Visual Studio 2022 Menu](Assets/uno-settings-vs.png)

### [**Visual Studio Code**](#tab/vscode)

If you’ve already set up **Visual Studio Code** by following [Get Started on VS Code documentation](xref:Uno.GettingStarted.CreateAnApp.VSCode), sign in as follows:

1. Create a new Uno Platform project or open an existing one with `Uno.Sdk` version 5.5 or higher.

> 2. After opening your project, click the red Solution Button in the bottom status bar and switch to `.csproj` instead of `.sln`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. After opening and loading completely your project, click the red Solution Button in the bottom status bar and switch to `.csproj` instead of `.sln`.
```

   ![VS Code Solution Button](Assets/uno-vsc-csproj.gif)
3. Access **Uno Platform** extension settings by selecting **View** > **Command Palette...** and typing `Uno Platform: Open Settings`.
   ![Visual Studio Code Menu](Assets/uno-settings-vsc.png)

### [**JetBrains Rider**](#tab/rider)

If you’ve already set up **JetBrains Rider** by following [Get Started on JetBrains Rider documentation](xref:Uno.GetStarted.Rider), sign in as follows:

1. Create a new Uno Platform project or open an existing one with `Uno.Sdk` version 5.5 or higher.

> 2. Go to **Tools** > **Uno Platform** > **Settings...**.

Reviewer 2: Missing steps no? We should have naggers for all 3 IDEs
cf. design:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/76e04f6f-226e-40f4-905b-c91e3d322fa5)

>    ![Visual Studio Code Menu](Assets/uno-settings-rider.png)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
   ![JetBrains Rider Menu](Assets/uno-settings-rider.png)
```

---

1. In the Uno Platform Settings window, click on **Sign in**. You’ll be redirected to your browser to enter your Uno Platform account credentials.
   ![Uno Platform Settings Welcome](Assets/uno-settings-welcome.png)

> 2. Once signed in, you’ll see confirmation of your account with license details and can use the **Hot Reload** feature to speed up your workflow and test changes in real time. For more information, see the [Hot Reload documentation](xref:Uno.Features.HotReload).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
2. Once signed in, you’ll see a confirmation of your account along with your license details. You can then use the **Hot Reload** feature to speed up your workflow and test changes in real time. For more information, refer to the [Hot Reload documentation](xref:Uno.Features.HotReload).
```

## Create your account

1. Go to our website, [platform.uno](https://platform.uno/), and click on the **Sign in** button in the top right corner, or go directly to [platform.uno/my-account](https://platform.uno/my-account).
2. Enter your email address and click on **Register**.
3. On the registration page, fill in your information. Once done, click on **Sign up**.
4. You will receive a confirmation email from **no-reply@platform.uno**. Follow the instructions in the email to activate your account.
5. You should then see the sign-in page. Enter your email and password and click on **Sign in** to access your account details, where you can update information or add more details.

## Sign in to your IDE of choice

After creating your Uno Platform account, follow the steps below to sign in to your preferred IDE:

**I am developing on...**

### [**Visual Studio 2022**](#tab/vs2022)

If you’ve already set up **Visual Studio 2022** by following [Get Started on Visual Studio 2022](xref:Uno.GettingStarted.CreateAnApp.VS2022), sign in as follows:

> 1. Create a new Uno Platform project or open an existing one with `Uno.Sdk` version 5.5 or higher.

Reviewer 2: @jeromelaban, @kazo0 I think we should mention that users should have or update to uno.sdk 5.5.43 and higher to be able to see the nag/banner available

Reviewer: I would avoid referencing a specific version. However, a note here to update to the latest version would be good
"Create a new Uno Platform project or open an existing one with `Uno.Sdk` version 5.5 or higher. For existing applications you should take this opportunity to update to the [latest 'Uno.Sdk' version](link to latest version ??)

2. After opening and loading completely your project, a popup should appear. Click **Sign in / Register**.
   ![Visual Studio 2022 Popup](Assets/uno-settings-popup.png)
   >![NOTE]

>    > If the popup doesn’t appear, access Uno Platform settings by clicking on **Extensions** > **Uno Platform** > **Settings...**.

Reviewer 2: @jeromelaban, @kazo0 what should be the proper term to use here please, as I don't think it is named a "popup" here. 
Naggers? Banners? to be consistent, let us know the proper terms to use for each IDE here please

Reviewer 5: In the current docs (which will need to be updated btw) we currently refer to the old licensing nag as a "notification window" for both the [VS Code](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/create-an-app-vscode.html?tabs=Wasm) and [Rider](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/create-an-app-rider.html?tabs=rider2024-2%2Cdesktop) guides.

> A notification window will appear...

Reviewer 5: I feel like "notification" is good enough

>    > If the popup doesn’t appear, access Uno Platform settings by clicking on **Extensions** > **Uno Platform** > **Settings...**.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
   > If the popup doesn’t appear, access the Settings app by clicking on **Extensions** > **Uno Platform** > **Settings...**.
```

> 2. After opening and loading completely your project, a popup should appear. Click **Sign in / Register**.
>    ![Visual Studio 2022 Popup](Assets/uno-settings-popup.png)
>    >![NOTE]
>    > If the popup doesn’t appear, access Uno Platform settings by clicking on **Extensions** > **Uno Platform** > **Settings...**.
>    > ![Visual Studio 2022 Menu](Assets/uno-settings-vs.png)

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
2. After opening and loading completely your project, a popup should appear. Click **Sign in / Register**.

   ![Visual Studio 2022 Popup](Assets/uno-settings-popup.png)
   >![NOTE]
   > If the popup doesn’t appear, access Uno Platform settings by clicking on **Extensions** > **Uno Platform** > **Settings...**.
   >
   > ![Visual Studio 2022 Menu](Assets/uno-settings-vs.png)
```

Reviewer 6: Adding spaces before the images would prevent this from happening 

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a6ccfc08-a865-49a6-ba11-417c91ab9c3d)

Reviewer 6: Same thing for the other IDEs sections

### [**Visual Studio Code**](#tab/vscode)

If you’ve already set up **Visual Studio Code** by following [Get Started on VS Code documentation](xref:Uno.GettingStarted.CreateAnApp.VSCode), sign in as follows:

> 1. Create a new Uno Platform project or open an existing one with `Uno.Sdk` version 5.5 or higher.

Reviewer 2: same comment as here: https://github.com/unoplatform/uno/pull/18741/files#r1837301443

> 2. After opening and loading completely your project, click the red Solution Button in the bottom status bar and switch to `.csproj` instead of `.sln`.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
2. After your project has loaded, click the red Solution Button in the bottom status bar and switch to `.csproj` instead of `.sln`.
```

Reviewer 5: We should also mention that this can be done through the VS Code command palette:

<img width="622" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ff7b92b8-5403-461f-8ccd-f21df12542bb">

Reviewer 5: Actually, can we just point to the Getting Started with VS Code section of the docs that already explains the need to select the .csproj? So we don't have to repeat this?

   ![VS Code Solution Button](Assets/uno-vsc-csproj.gif)
3. After opening and loading completely your project, a popup should appear. Click **Sign in / Register**.
   ![Visual Studio Code Menu](Assets/uno-settings-vsc-popup.png)
   >![NOTE]
   > If the popup doesn’t appear, access **Uno Platform** extension settings by selecting **View** > **Command Palette...** and typing `Uno Platform: Open Settings`.

>    > ![Visual Studio Code Menu](Assets/uno-settings-vsc.png)

Reviewer 2: Same comment as here: https://github.com/unoplatform/uno/pull/18741/files#r1837303706

>    > ![Visual Studio Code Menu](Assets/uno-settings-vsc.png)

Reviewer 5: Did we validate that these NOTEs are rendering properly by running locally with docfx? I though the NOTE/WARN/INFO blocks needed to be preceded by a blank line

Reviewer 2: Yes please @morning4coffe-dev make sure to review locally the changes while doing the latest fixes for syntax and images alignments please

### [**JetBrains Rider**](#tab/rider)

If you’ve already set up **JetBrains Rider** by following [Get Started on JetBrains Rider documentation](xref:Uno.GetStarted.Rider), sign in as follows:

> 1. Create a new Uno Platform project or open an existing one with `Uno.Sdk` version 5.5 or higher.

Reviewer 2: same comment as here: https://github.com/unoplatform/uno/pull/18741/files#r1837301443

> 2. After opening and loading completely your project, a popup should appear. Click **Sign in / Register**.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
2. After your project has finished loading, a popup should appear. Click **Sign in / Register**.
```

   ![JetBrains Rider Popup](Assets/uno-settings-rider-popup.png)
   >![NOTE]
   > If the popup doesn’t appear, access **Uno Platform** extension settings by selecting **Tools** > **Uno Platform** > **Settings...**.

>    > ![JetBrains Rider Menu](Assets/uno-settings-rider.png)

Reviewer 2: Same comment as here: https://github.com/unoplatform/uno/pull/18741/files#r1837303706

---

> 1. In the Uno Platform Settings window, click on **Sign in**. You’ll be redirected to your browser to enter your Uno Platform account credentials.
>    ![Uno Platform Settings Welcome](Assets/uno-settings-welcome.png)
> 2. Once signed in, you’ll see a confirmation of your account along with your license details. You can then use the **Hot Reload** feature to speed up your workflow and test changes in real time. For more information, refer to the [Hot Reload documentation](xref:Uno.Features.HotReload).
>    ![Uno Platform Settings](Assets/uno-settings-main.png)
>    >![TIP]
>    > You can also access a menu where you can select **My Account** to view your account details, **Refresh** the account changes and **Sign out**.
>    > ![Uno Platform Menu](Assets/uno-settings-menu.png)

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
1. In the Uno Platform Settings window, click on **Sign in**. You’ll be redirected to your browser to enter your Uno Platform account credentials.

![Uno Platform Settings Welcome](Assets/uno-settings-welcome.png)
2. Once signed in, you’ll see a confirmation of your account along with your license details. You can then use the **Hot Reload** feature to speed up your workflow and test changes in real time. For more information, refer to the [Hot Reload documentation](xref:Uno.Features.HotReload).

   ![Uno Platform Settings](Assets/uno-settings-main.png)
   >![TIP]
   > You can also access a menu where you can select **My Account** to view your account details, **Refresh** the account changes and **Sign out**.
   >
   > ![Uno Platform Menu](Assets/uno-settings-menu.png)
```

Reviewer 6: Same thing here for the images, to prevent this:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/76288ad5-0bc1-4499-83b4-9b884f13c5cf)

> 

Reviewer 2: @morning4coffe-dev We should add a note at the end to clarify that the Settings app window can be closed without any issues once you've signed in.

## Questions

For general questions about Uno Platform, refer to the [general FAQ](xref:Uno.Development.FAQ) or see the [troubleshooting section](xref:Uno.UI.CommonIssues) for common issues and solutions.

> If you encounter any issues or need further assistance, reach out on our [community forum](https://platform.uno/community) or connect with us via the [Uno Platform GitHub](https://github.com/unoplatform).

Reviewer 2: We should mention also for help first:
- our contact page (https://platform.uno/contact/)
- our discord (https://discord.com/invite/XjsmQHdKfq)
---
- `[community forum](https://platform.uno/community)` ?
   This page does not exist at the moment, where did you find this URL?

- `[Uno Platform GitHub](https://github.com/unoplatform)`
  Should be discussions page in my opinion instead https://github.com/unoplatform/uno/discussions
